Using the datadog dashboard (#1813)
scylladb/scylla-monitoring: docs/source/procedures/datadog/index.rst

Download the dashboard file :download:`dashboard.json <dashboard.json>`.
Create a new dashbaord in Datadog and import the json file you downloaded. 

> Using the Dashbaord

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Dashboard
```

===================

> We created a datadog dashboard that resembles the Grafana dashboards available to Scylla and Scylla-Cloud users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We created a Datadog dashboard that resembles the Grafana dashboards available to Scylla and Scylla-Cloud users.
```

> It contains some specific filtering and perspectives that are not always available in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains specific filtering and perspectives that are only sometimes available in Datadog.
```

Reviewer: Putting the wording aside, I do not undertsatd what this means.
What features are "not always available in Datadog"? why are they not available?

Author: The option to have a shar/dc/cluster view is not so easy todo in Datadog

Reviewer: - Its not clear from the wording
- why is it important to the reader?

I sugget to remove this

Author: The main reason that I'm sending the pull request is because a user created such a combination that they had no data.

Reviewer: Again, "It contains some specific filtering and perspectives that are not always available in Datadog" is not clear.
It look like the filtering and perspectives are not available in Datadog.
AFAIU, the *metrics* are not visable.

This is well describe in the note below.

Author: I'll remove it, the different perspective is something that is not typically exists in DD, I jumped through a few hoops to make it working and without prometheus backing me up it wouldn't have worked.

.. image:: datadog.png

First, you can choose between shard, instance, dc, or cluster view.
This will aggregate the metrics in the graphs accordingly.
Second, you can filter to see specific shards, nodes, or DCs.

> .. note::  Pay attention that some of the combinations are conflicting. For example, you cannot filter by DC when looking at a cluster view. If you are facing a combination that no data is displayed, remove the filters first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::  Pay attention that some of the combinations are conflicting. For example, you cannot filter by DC when looking at a cluster view.  If no data displayed, remove the filters first.
```
Shorter version
